hey guys I'm gonna be showing you how to
actually get some songs onto your
Nintendo 3ds sound that application so
first you have to get the song you want
um I'm just gonna show you how to get it
off YouTube so just type in YouTube and
I'm using Google Chrome so just so you
guys know type in um the song you want
so I'm gonna do a random one like flat
okay I'm good
and then whatever you want you can just
click on it I'm not actually gonna do
glad you came because I'm probably at
cupper copyrighted now it's gonna be
deleted so I'm going to do like uh it
can be anything you want and once you do
get it you click on - you got a new tab
and you type in youtube converter what
and you should come up with youtube to
mp3 converter and a couple other ones so
I'm just gonna click the first one
because I like that one I'm gonna type
in a song oh ha no we whine huh yeah
yeah 2014 so what I have to do is take
this control a copy it and then control
based and then you press convert video
and then it's just a video successfully
converted to mp3 and you press download
so once you do it and you okay so now
here it is
one minute or so loud once you wait for
it to load you get your 3s or to dance
or what if you have take out the SD
bard make sure your thing is off insert
it into the computer and huh right
my the location of where I put passkey
SD card is kind of weird so there you go
once it's in you open it up do it if you
don't know how to open it up you just
press Start computer and removable desk
e : or whatever open it from me Nintendo
3ds nor this for me so I click on to
DCIM and do and then click on you and
make a new one like a new folder name it
whatever that you want how to go into it
and then once you end once uh this loads
you just drag and drop it I'll show you
when I get back when it's already done
ok so it's basically almost done
okay there we go and ya know it's done
ok another thing if you just wanted to
have it in your songs you just press
songs and you put it in here but I'm
just going to point to the how to click
it and drag it in and that's basically
it you close it actually not yet
actually you go to the computer we work
with s key and press eject
and once you take it out put it back in
and it should be there in a folder
called how to or whatever the heck you
named it and I'm just gonna turn my do
the ice thing back on and I'll put on
full-blast so you guys can try and hear
I don't have anything to record it so
that's the Nintendo 3ds sound I'm
opening it and hopefully actually so on
the bottom screen that says recorded
itit sounds and does resume autoplay top
ten how and then i'll at the bottom that
should be a couple ones called a name
called whatever you called it and right
now there's a folder called how to you
click oh you click it with the a button
and you press play and that's basically
it just slowly very slowly and i'm just
going to skip to the middle or so
and that's basically a um the awesome
thing about the Nintendo 3ds sound is
that you can on the icon which has those
arrows or whatever you can make a
high-pitched low pitch low-pitched so
that's low pitch high pitch you can make
it to where fast and you can make it
super slow and it's really awesome
because you can make me get really high
pitched and really fast making it sound
like Alvin and the Chipmunks or you can
make it really deep and fast or deep and
slow or high or whatever and that's
basically it for that video and you
probably don't know what I'm talking
about for that dude yes but what you
actually do it yourself you'll see what
I mean
okay and that'll be it that's gonna be
it for now see you guys later